Know we know how we can apply environment variables to our lambda functions.
So let's learn how we can make use of those environment variables within our lending functions and properly
implement a way to read those variables and make some processing with them.
So let's go to our Python lambda function for the purpose Ulisses update to code so that we can make
use of our environment variables.
So I'm basically going to comment these lines out.
So let's just comment all that.
So after our comment thing is done let's basically provide our environment variable reading process
and to read an environment variable within Python.
You're going to have to make use of the OS library from Python included libraries so we first have to
import os.
And here we go.
And after we have the OS library let's just go and read our environment variable and let's say environment
variable.
And after that I'll call O S that yet environment.
And for that all I have to provide is the key of my environment variable.
And for that purpose let's go back and copy this qualifier are the key of our environment variable and
paste it just like that.
So what I want to do now is I want to return this message and which is this message.
As you can see here and I want this to be returned as I did with this message right here.
So let's just return within a dictionary as the status code is going to be same 200.
And after my status code within the message part I'm just going to pass in my environment variable which
is again going to be this message.
This is an environment variable.
All right so now let's go back to our main implementation and change our code change our lambda function
code and then see this invocation in action.
So let's go back and forth on there.
And also let's just comment all these lines out.
All right so now let's just go under our comment lines and from there let's create a method to update
our function code.
And for that purpose I'll say def update lambda function code.
All right so for updating my function code I want this to be reusable as much as possible so I'll pass
on a function name.
And after the function name that I've pro-white I want to pass in the folder today I'm going to read
my source files.
So let's just say sourceforge.
And then let's just say.
And in this case as you can remember from our first deploying method we were reading our file as the
zip file and we were passing in the bytes of that file to a WS as our code so we can basically reuse
those methods as we can do with our updating function code.
So no what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy these lines and I'm just going to extract what I need
from there.
So let's just copy those and paste that in and let's just get rid of this statement.
And also let's fix this line and indentation of that.
And here we go.
So now we could read the zip file that we need to update our function code.
All I have to do is call our API for updating process.
So let's just return when the client dot update function code.
All right.
So within this update function code statement I'll say function name equals function name and the zip
file which is what I'm interested in for updating process equals to let's just fix that typo there.
And it is basically the zip file that I created using my you to of the method.
All right.
That's basically all you have to do to update your lambda function code.
So if I go down here and call this method and let's say update lambda function code and for the function
name I'll provide PI thung lambda name.
And for the path I can basically copy and paste the python lambda we try using the same thing basically
the same source file that I have but this time it is updated to use environment variables.
So now let's just print out the response from AWOS to see if successful or not.
And now I can basically go and hit run
here we go.
Our process is successful and we have 200 status code.
Ok now we can go and invoke them to function again to see our environment variable as the response in
action.
And to do that I'm basically going to copy these lines so that we can call our Python lambda function
and I'll just go down here and paste them in and I'll just uncomment this lines.
All right.
And so we can basically comment this line out so that we don't need that anymore.
And now we can basically call our run method and see what's going to happen.
So I'm just going to go and run and we should see the output as we expect.
And here we go.
We could get the message as this is an environment variable just as we updated our lambda function code
and AWOS.
And if we go to our Ada we use Konsole to verify this.
And let's just go and refresh this page.
And if we go to do function code it is not updated yet.
We first have to go and refresh maybe in her refresh would be OK to do so.
And here we go we have our function code updated as we expect it.
So this is basically how you update your function code and how you apply environment variables to your
functions on a W-S lambda.
Simple as that.